How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helped pinpoint the lines in code that the bug was introduced when comparing the two files or from an old-to-new version.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If at any point you encounter a bug, you can revert to an old file that still was functional.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    A good rule of thumb is to make one commit per logical change. Each commit will have one purpose that can be easily understood. The problem with automatic commits is that there may be many versions in your history. That might be difficult to go through when trying to find a certain version or bug.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    This keeps track of the changes you have made per commit. In this case, the insertions and deletions of code in the files. Google Docs treats each file separately since they are non code-oriented version control system.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Using the command git log to view all commits made on the repositories. Using the command git diff will compare the two versions and highlights the revisions made.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    If a bug happen to come across a program, I can revert (checkout) to an older version before the bug was introduced. Using the commit IDs, I can pinpoint the exact commit to where the bug started to occur using git diff comparing the file before it(bug-free) to that one.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I'd like to use Git for my future projects. It will make my life much easier now that it's set up.
